"Yindyamarra Winhanganha" (Australian Aboriginal Quotes)
Refers to "the wisdom that will live a good life in a world worth living"
At Charles Sturt University
We believe that wisdom is shared
The meaning of learning is far more than a paper degree
Is the relationship you built
Is your bold step
And the traces you left behind
We know
The best way to build knowledge is based on strong relationships
Use your time to expand
Learn in your own way
At the same time, there must be team support
As a student at Charles Sturt University
You will learn from experts
You will exercise skills at the workplace
Has consistently ranked among the top graduates in the national employment rate
It is also a strong backing to support your degree.
But a good life has a richer connotation
Means to get in touch with people around you
Means that every step of the journey of life will find joy
Means arriving at your chosen destination
Because people who make this a world worth living
Their motivation is curious
Is passion
They turned the possibility into reality
We believe that all difficulties can be overcome
The most important thing is your investment, your life experience.
Only one person will decide how far you can go
How high can fly
And how much to pay
This person is you
So welcome to Charles Sturt University
Learn how to live well
Create a world worth living